---
# multilingual page pair id, this must pair with translations of this page. (This name must be unique)
lng_pair: id_About_UML
title: About UML (Unified Modeling Language)
# title: About UML (Unified Modeling Language)
# if not specified, .name will be used from _data/owner/[language].yml
author: Yeonuk
# multiple category is not supported
category: PM
# multiple tag entries are possible
tags: [pm]
# thumbnail image for post
img: ":post_pic1.jpg"
# disable comments on this page
# comments_disable: true

# publish date
date: 2024-04-17 09:00:00 +0900
# seo
# if not specified, date will be used.
#meta_modify_date: 2021-08-10 11:32:53 +0900
# check the meta_common_description in _data/owner/[language].yml
#meta_description: ""

# optional
# please use the "image_viewer_on" below to enable image viewer for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image viewer can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_viewer_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_viewer_on: true
# please use the "image_lazy_loader_on" below to enable image lazy loader for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image lazy loader can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_lazy_loader_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_lazy_loader_on: true
# exclude from on site search
#on_site_search_exclude: true
# exclude from search engines
#search_engine_exclude: true
# to disable this page, simply set published: false or delete this file
#published: false
---

<!-- outline-start -->

## This is an article about UML (Unified Modeling Language).

hello!

Today, we will learn about UML (Unified Modeling Language) and introduce UML components and diagram types.

Before starting the writing in earnest,

**---Today’s TMI---**

I'm going to try to lose some weight starting today!

I feel like I've gained a lot of weight because I've been sitting too much lately.

I'm buying kombucha tea and eating steamed cabbage!

Do you manage your diet to lose weight?

**---TMI End---**

Let’s get back to writing!

{:data-align="center"}

<!-- outline-end -->

### UML overview

UML is a standardized modeling language used in the software development process and is used to visually express the structure and behavior of a system.

UML consists of things, relationships, and diagrams.

### Components of UML

- Elements: In UML, the elements that make up the system are expressed as objects. Things include classes, objects, interfaces, and packages. These objects represent the structure of the system, have properties and behaviors, and are related to each other.
- Relationships: UML expresses relationships between things. You can express connections and dependencies between things using a variety of relationships, including inheritance, association, dependency, and set.
- Diagrams: UML uses diagrams to visually represent objects and relationships. Diagrams represent specific aspects of a system and are important tools for communication and understanding among software developers.

### UML diagram types

- Class Diagram: A diagram that expresses the classes of the system and the relationships between classes. It shows the structure of the system by expressing class properties, operations, methods, inheritance, and association.
- Sequence Diagram: A diagram that expresses the operation of a system in time order. You can visually understand the behavior of a system by showing the interactions and message flow between objects.
- State Diagram: A diagram that expresses the dynamic state of the system. You can understand the operational flow of a system by showing the states that things can have and the transitions between states.
- Component Diagram: A diagram that expresses the components that make up the system and the relationships between the components. You can understand the structure of the system by visually expressing the system components.
- Deployment Diagram: A diagram that expresses the physical arrangement of the system. You can understand the layout of a system by showing the relationships and arrangements between components such as hardware, software, and networks.

## Conclusion

This is a brief introduction to UML concepts, components, and diagram types.

UML is used as an important tool in the software development process, and it is important to know for effective system modeling and design.

thank you!
