---
# multilingual page pair id, this must pair with translations of this page. (This name must be unique)
lng_pair: id_About_SOM
title: About SOM
# title: About SOM
# if not specified, .name will be used from _data/owner/[language].yml
author: Yeonuk
# multiple category is not supported
category: Statistics
# multiple tag entries are possible
tags: [statistics]
# thumbnail image for post
img: ":post_pic1.jpg"
# disable comments on this page
# comments_disable: true

# publish date
date: 2024-08-02 09:00:00 +0900
# seo
# if not specified, date will be used.
#meta_modify_date: 2021-08-10 11:32:53 +0900
# check the meta_common_description in _data/owner/[language].yml
#meta_description: ""

# optional
# please use the "image_viewer_on" below to enable image viewer for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image viewer can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_viewer_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_viewer_on: true
# please use the "image_lazy_loader_on" below to enable image lazy loader for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image lazy loader can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_lazy_loader_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_lazy_loader_on: true
# exclude from on site search
#on_site_search_exclude: true
# exclude from search engines
#search_engine_exclude: true
# to disable this page, simply set published: false or delete this file
#published: false
---

<!-- outline-start -->

## This is an article about SOM.

Hello!

Today, we're going to talk about SOM.

Self-Organizing Map (SOM) is an unsupervised learning algorithm used to embedding high-dimensional data into low-dimensional lattice structures.

I will explain the SOM below.

{:data-align="center"}

<!-- outline-end -->

### principle of operation

#### competitive learning

The nearest neuron (unit) to the input data is selected, and the selected neuron and its surrounding neurons compete and learn from the input data.

#### Adjusting Neighbourhood Relationships

In the early stages of learning, the connection with the surrounding neurons is strong, and the connection with the surrounding neurons is gradually adjusted to weaken over time.

#### formation of a map

Through this process, we envision the characteristics of the input data in a low-dimensional lattice structure while preserving it, and form a map that allows us to visually grasp the similarities between the input data.

### Key Features

#### a non-linear idea

SOM performs nonlinear ideas, allowing it to project in low dimensions while preserving the structure of complex data.

#### Visualization

As we picture the data in a low-dimensional lattice structure, we form a map that allows us to visually grasp the similarities between the data.

### Utilization

#### pattern recognition

It is used to recognize patterns in data, such as images and speech.

#### clustering

It is used for visual representation by clustering based on the similarity of the data.

### Precautions

#### hyperparameter settings

Care must be taken as hyperparameter settings, such as SOM's learning rate, neighbor relationship adjustment, etc., can affect the results.

#### Dimension down

The loss of information can occur in the process of mapping high-dimensional data to low-dimensionality, which requires consideration.

### at the end of the day

Self-organizing maps are utilized to identify and visually represent the structure of data in various fields, and are powerful unsupervised learning algorithms that project data into low dimensions while preserving its characteristics.

Thank you!
